See, ICICI manager Abhishek Varun was
missing for several hours.  Suddenly, information came
that his body was found in a well in Ber area.  That's where
we are right now.  The
family members are very
worried.  A mountain of sorrows has fallen upon us.   There is
also screaming and shouting.  His father is
with us.  What is your name?
Varun Mohan Jha.
You are the father of Abhishek Varun ji.
Yes, I have two sons.  He is a younger son.  There
is one more elder son there.
So, you were also a journalist?   Yes.
Well, tell me how do you feel?  The body has been
found in the well and the scooter is also in it.   There's
a man here who he knows from the road.
Pre-plant murder.  I guided him and
brought him here on some pretext.  Since he was an acquaintance,
he came here and after coming here he was
pushed into the well.
Confusion was created before that.  Confusion was created.
When the wheel of the car ran over my waist.   He
called you at 3:00 in the night and said that
I had met with an accident and I was not able to find a phone. He
called his wife and we got the information in the morning.
What did he say after that?   He
said, when the wheel of the vehicle ran over my waist, my
waist broke, save me.
Ok, good.  Those who had taken their wife and child to the party were
sent back.
They were sent in another vehicle and
told that we are going to meet a friend.
So, do you guys suspect anyone?
How can you doubt someone?  It depends on the one who killed.
But whom should we suspect?   Was there any
enmity with anyone?  She was getting threats from someone, that will be investigated
now, what was there and what was
not there, what do
you want,
we want justice, whoever has done this to her,
he should be punished severely, just
see, this incident has happened at a time when
law and order in Bihar is under question,
big incidents are happening one after the other, but the
police is saying whether this is murder or suicide,
this is a matter of investigation, investigation is going on,
this is murder, if he comes to commit suicide, he will
jump from the bridge, will get
hit by a train, will jump in Ganga ji, will come here to
jump in the well,
Ganga ji is very big.  A very big
wedding had taken place some time ago.
His child is five or six years old.  There is no problem with the family.   He
respected his daughter very much.  He
respected us so much that such an
incident happening less than that is raising many questions.
Something you shared
with family was fine.  Everything was fine.   There was no
problem with the family.  Was a man of.
So this is the father.  They are clearly saying
that this is murder and are demanding an investigation and
action against whoever is behind it.
Shashank Kumar ABP News Patna with camera person Niranjan.